https://codepen.io/fataah123/pen/yLyRxzB

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	Semantic HTML provides meaning to your project.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used for put text in a web page.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    an attribute are special words used in code to control the behavior of elements in our tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 tag is used for titles. You should only use it once on a page
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    ID, class
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <header></header>
    7. What is an id? 
    an attribute that specifies that a tag is unique and usually will be pointed at in CSS
    an ID is a tag that has only
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    only once
    10. What is a class? .
    classes group tags so they can share syling
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many times as you like
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    fork it
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    to display images
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section represents a part of a doc or app, div represents what is inside of it
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling HTML
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{

    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    class represents a group of generic tags as where an id represents one specific tag. you can use an id if a tag in a class is unique
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    selects all elements that that are children of a specified parent. can be useful when having multiple paragraphs
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a pseudo selector allows you to select specific tags
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{ border: 1px dotted black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    <!--
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    after the name of the device, the file name is there. 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    rm, careful because theres no going back 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    documents/apps undergo a lot of revision, it helps identify differences between two files 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push origin 'name'
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork from github, git clone url, create branch,
    
    add file or make changes to file in file. git status then git commit, then git push origin
    then back on github, pull request, change base
